docs(rhoas cli): add getting started guide for context management (#504)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/rhoas/rhoas-generate-config/README.adoc

//OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka
:base-url: https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-guides/tree/main/docs/
:product-long-rhoas: OpenShift Application Services
:rhoas-cli-base-url: https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-cli/tree/main/docs/
:rhoas-cli-ref-url: commands
:rhoas-cli-getting-started-url-generate-config: cli-generate-config/
:samples-git-repo: https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-guides
:product-kafka: Streams for Apache Kafka

[id="chap-generate-configurations-rhoas"]
= Generating configurations for managed services using RHOAS CLI
:context: getting-started-generate-configurations

[role="_abstract"]

> As a developer of applications and services, you can group service instances for specific use-cases, projects or environments and generate connection configuration details to connect applications to instances of managed services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer of applications and services, you can group service instances for specific use-cases, projects or environments. Grouping will allow you to and generate configuration details to connect your applications to instances of managed services.
```

> For example, suppose you have the following applications running locally in your machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example for applications running locally in your machine:
```

* Application that publishes price updates for a variety of stocks
* Application that consumes the price updates and publishes them on a web page

In addition to the applications, you have a Kafka instance in Streams for Apache Kafka. Each time the first application produces a price update, you want to use the Kafka instance to forward the update as an event to the second, consuming application.

> You need to connect your applications to the Kafka Instance in OpenSift Streams for Apache Kafka.

Reviewer: Use env properties where possible
